# Alternative Hypothesis: To Eat or Not to Eat?
This was a paper that explored a possible method in combating the Cytomegalovirus. Armed with a data set containing a single string of information on the DNA structure of the virus, our task was to search for abnormalities in the palindromes. In particular, what we were looking for was complementary palindromes within the data set. Since this was a group project, we began by dividing the work between the team members. For this project, my role was to pose and analysis an additional hypothesis. The question that we were looking to answer in this case, does the individuals overall health matter in the combating of the virus?  

Tackling this particular question, it is reasonable to note that the original data set mentioned above was not viable in this case. To discover whether the person's underlying health matters, we had to look at a secondary data set that was provided in which it held patient information. Using this data set, we began by running an Ordinary Least Squares (OLS) regression to determine significance levels of associated betas that were generated. After cleaning the data set and running two iterations of the OLS model in R, we were able to determine that the HBA1C reading (Patient's blood sugar levels), blood pressure, and gender played an important factor in the infectivity level of the patient. Additionally, it was determined that the Body Mass Index (BMI) of the patient was important as well. However, we must note that the BMI is not a good indicator of the individuals health and thus, was determined to be an inconclusive indicator. The overall conclusion in this case was that overall health did play an important role in the viruses infectivity rate.
